I had previously sent you an email with some info on for the front page so some of it's content might be better than in this email.  (been fucking hanging all day) but think I've covered most things !!??  Let me know if there's anything I've forgotten

I need to send you some blurb on Amy yet so will get that to you too.


Head to toe Bridal Beauty Prep

It's time to get busy !!

Wedding day beauty shouldn't begin on the morning of your wedding.  Start now to ensure you look 'bridal best'

Hair

One of the first things to think about is how you want your hair to look in terms of length.  Plan ahead and make sure you don't have it cut to close to your big day.  Keep the split ends away with some regular trims. 
Hair becomes damaged through washing, drying and over styling.  If you have dry brittle hair, start your conditioning treatments now, after a visit to your stylist to trim those split ends. Bridal locks will require some love and devotion to look it's best. 
Stop over styling with tongs or straightners and incorporate a 'heat protector' into your styling regime,
Hair extensions are great for those who struggle to grow their hair in time or to produce volume should you have fine hair.  'Clip ins' are best.  Make sure you are colour matched with your extensions and that it's 'real hair' so it can be styled and blended to your own.



Face & Skin 

Your skin is your canvas for your make-up, so it its important you have a good skin care regime.  Don't go to bed without removing your make-up. Incorporate Hyaluronic acid into your daily routine.  Hyalronic acid increases product penetration and holds 1000 times is weight in water, so it's the ultimate hydration product for dull, dry and mature skins.  Skin will appear plumper, firmer and will give a luminous glow to your face, as it gives your skin the daily hydration it needs.  Even oily skin needs moisturiser - oily skin and hydration are two different things. Those requiring skin care advice, should book with a skin care clinic, to find out what skin products will be of benefit and tailor treatments to combat any problems.   And.....drink loads of water!!

If your getting a professional tan, book this in for two days before your wedding and always try a tan before the big day.  Everyone has different undertones and tan always looks nicer when it looks natural. If your self-applying a gradual tan, start this a week before and continue until you have reached the desired colour. Avoid over tanning your face.  Tan can also be the 'devil' when it comes to make-up application. Remember we can add bronze and colour to your face with the use of make-up so less, can be better than more...............

Make-up

Whether you are looking for a natural, classic, romantic or full on glam make up,  we are constantly keeping up to date with new trends and techniques.  We adapt make-up application to the individual, enhancing your own beauty using quality products and techniques.  We thrive to offer a bespoke look,  in order to create something special, that you will feel confident wearing and at your most beautiful, from brides & bridesmaids to mothers and grandmothers we will make you look your very best.

We offer products, to ensure you make-up stays long lasting, from setting powder to a sample of your chosen lipstick of your lipgloss so you can touch up, when you need to.

Look Book

Bring any styles that you may like for your hair & make-up.  With 99% of our brides being visitors outside the area, we rarely see our brides and their parties prior to the day.  Pinterest is a great place to find and collect your ideas. Collect any images and when we see you we will discuss your likes and dislikes and are always happy to adapt any application or style until you are happy.

An alternative to this is that you can visit your own hair stylist and spend sometime experimenting with different styles.  We have many years experience in working this way and are always happy to advise on what will suit you if you're still unsure of what styles you may like.  


We are friendly and relaxed and will consult with you, as to the most suitable order in which we carry out hair & make-up for your party. We will work with you to achieve your desired hair & make-up style taking into consideration your personality, colour, face shape and style of dress.  Generally, it's advisable that children are last to have hair & make-up, as they are less likely to sit still and younger children tend to touch their face and hair more frequently.

Hair up? Curls? 

We advise, where possible, that you wash and dry your hair, without the use of straightners or tongs the night prior to your wedding.  This gives your style extra 'staying power' and prevents it from being 'too flyaway.

Blow dries?

Hotels do not have the facilities to enable us to washhair, so we kindly ask that you do so before our arrival and have in a damp towel.


Shape your brows and waken up your eyes,  Your brows frame your face, so make sure you get them professionally shaped to suit your face shape.  Get them done a few days to a week prior to your day to avoid any redness or a rash.

Wear loose fitting clothing or a robe so not to disturb your hair style.

Cleanse your face and apply moisturiser approx 30 mins before our arrival.  Brush your teeth prior to your make-up application and put your contacts in!

Try not to rush around - it's hard to apply make-up to a sweaty panicked bride so enjoy the make-over time and relax!! 

Your hairstylist will need an quiet area beside some plug points and your make-up artist will ideally like to have an area with lots of natural light.




Booking

To secure your appointment with us, we would require a payment of £25 via our booking page,(NOT SURE HOW WE REWORD THIS FOR THE ADMIN/BOOKING FEE)

Once you've paid your (BOOKING CHARGE £25) you will be receive an email receipt for your payment.

We will then send you your invoice, confirmation and a welcome pack including price list via the post.  We aim to have these posted out within approx 14 days.

You will receive a confirmation and reminder text from us, once you've been allocated your stylists to the day. Please feel free, to send any images you may have collected from your 'look' book via this text, but please keep them on your phone so we also have the images to refer to when we meet you.

We would ask that you keep your mobile switched on so we can keep in touch with you and contact you for your room number.

We allocate an appointment time to you and take into account party numbers, requirements and it will also be dependent on how many of our team assist your party.  It is not always the case that we will arrive at the same time.  We may stagger who arrives to start, in any such order we need to, for your allocated time.  PLEASE ALLOW 10-15 minutes either side of your appointment.  In instances where we may be earlier/later than this time we will contact you.  We may have other appointments on the same day but we will always endeavor to accommodate any additions you may have. 


PAYMENT

We would politely ask, that the person who makes the booking takes responsibility for payment.  We only accept cash on the day but can take payment via debit or credit card no later than 48 hours prior to your appointment. (please let us know if you wish to pay this way).  Should everyone wish to pay separately please organise this before our arrival for collection of the balance at the end of your appointment.

We will always endeavor to fit in any last minute additions where possible.  However, should you wish to reduce your booking, we would ask that you notify us no later than 14 days before your date unless we would request that the full balance was paid.


First page??

We are conveniently located for the romantic town of Gretna green.  We are a freelance service so our brides and their wedding parties can relax, as we travel to your home or hotel and you don't need to leave your room until your ceremony.We established in 1999 and have grown to become a team of experienced stylists that work together to create something special for each of our clients.  We strive to offer a bespoke look for each of our clients whether it be classic, romantic, boho or vintage styles we work with our clients to provide stunning hair & long lasting make-up looks for all of the bridal party.  We take great pride in the work that we do.

Being a make-up artist or stylist isn't just based on artistic skill but the ability to communicate with our brides in order to create something special for you.  

(don't know if we can fling a review in their or not David, it's a big one)?? 

"We got married a week ago today and coming from Northern Ireland I was a bit worried about my makeup because I couldn't have a trial as we arrived the day before the wedding but I needn't have worried at all!! Kirsty arrived at the hotel room promptly at 9:30 my bridesmaid had her makeup done first and it was flawless! I on the other hand never wear makeup so was worried id look to made up but again after much reassurance from Kirsty via messenger we decided on how my makeup would be and I can honestly say I've never felt so pretty or had so many compliments in my life!! I can't recommend complete bridal enough absolutely fantastic artists."

Feeling good about yourself is key to feeling confident and beautiful on your wedding day.  We like to create a relaxed atmosphere for you to enjoy, as we understand 'getting ready' is a big part of your big day.
